refactor: align backend response status with UI (#4433)
recognai/rubrix: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `POST /api/v1/me/responses/bulk` endpoint to create responses in bulk for current user. ([#4380](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/pull/4380))
- Added new CLI task to reindex datasets and records into the search engine. ([#4404](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/pull/4404))

> ###Fixed

Author: ```suggestion
### Fixed
```

- Fixed error in `TextClassificationSettings.from_dict` method in which the `label_schema` created was a list of `dict` instead of a list of `str`. ([#4347](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/pull/4347))
- Fixed total records on pagination component ([#4424](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/pull/4424))

### Deprecated

> - The `missing` response status for filtering records is deprecated and will be removed in the release 1.23.0. Use `pending` instead. ([#4433](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/pull/4433))

Author: ```suggestion
- The `missing` response status for filtering records is deprecated and will be removed in the release v1.24.0. Use `pending` instead. ([#4433](https://github.com/argilla-io/argilla/pull/4433))
```
